Rookie Questions

Here we record some of the questions raised by those completely unfamiliar with the Git.

"Do I have to make my own Git?"

Certainly not! You can read the contents of any non-private repo through your web browser.

Anyone can see the repo containing this file through this link: https://github.com/3dspace/plural-inc-team-research

I'll add this file to the repo, and then add a link to the file-in-the-repo. Just a sec: Okay, anyone can view the file here: https://github.com/3dspace/plural-inc-team-research/blob/main/rookie-questions.txt

Now I'll "push" this new version. A version control system will manage the two, and give us great powers usually reserved for people who deal in code.

"Do I have to be online to work on my repo?"

No! Say you want to go to the cottage for a week, with a crummy little notebook computer and no internet. If you "synch" your computer to your repo — and then "synch" your repo with your crummy little notebook, you can work away on that copy of the repo — and then just "synch" up again when you get home.

"Can I format my text?"

"Do I have to work with .txt files?"

"Can I get a .pdf and/or print what I have now nicely and easily?"

-----------------------------

Actual questions from a rookie, first time inside!

-----------------------------

Where am I? 
It says I am at 3dspace/plural-inc.... 
is 3dspace a user...or a domain name? 


If I click on Main it says Switch Branches/Tags....omg What does that mean?

I clicked on Branch. It took me somewhere. I have no idea where? (I used the back button to get back)

I clicked Blame. I have no idea what happened after that. 

I clicked on Labels and found a whole bunch of labels. Are those default labels or something more bespoke?

Clicked thru the horizontal nav bar --- Issues/Pull requests/Actions/Projects etc... it's not too intuitive is it??


It's weird how the CODE and WIKI is the only page that shows me my stuff -- and the rest of it is all kind of site info. 